source: https://cli.netlify.com/commands/deploy/
fetched: 2026-09-13T07:26:59.412Z
httpStatus: 200

 Netlify CLI deploy command | Netlify CLI command reference Skip to content Netlify CLI command reference Search Ctrl K Cancel Bluesky GitHub Twitter YouTube Select theme Dark Light Auto Netlify user docs Commands agents api blobs build claim clone completion create database deploy dev env functions init link login logout logs open recipes serve sites status switch teams unlink watch Release notes Forums Contact support Bluesky GitHub Twitter YouTube Select theme Dark Light Auto On this page Overview On this page Overview Netlify CLI deploy command deploy Section titled “deploy” Deploy your project to Netlify Builds and deploys your project to Netlify. Creates a draft deploy by default. Use –prod to deploy directly to your live site. The deploy command will: Build your project (unless –no-build is specified) Upload static files, functions, and edge functions Process redirects and headers from netlify.toml or _redirects/_headers files Provide deploy and function logs URLs For detailed configuration options, see the Netlify documentation. Usage Terminal window netlify deploy Flags alias ( string ) - Specifies the alias for deployment, the string at the beginning of the deploy subdomain. Useful for creating predictable deployment URLs. Avoid setting an alias string to the same value as a deployed branch. alias doesn’t create a branch deploy and can’t be used in conjunction with the branch subdomain feature. Maximum 37 characters. allow-anonymous ( boolean ) - If not logged in, deploy anonymously and create a claimable site instead of requiring authentication context ( string ) - Specify a deploy context for environment variables read during the build (“production”, “deploy-preview”, “branch-deploy”, “dev”) or branch:your-branch where your-branch is the name of a branch (default: dev) created-via ( string ) - Specify the source of the deploy (e.g., “cli”, “drop”) dir ( string ) - Specify a folder to deploy env ( string ) - Set an environment variable for this deploy only. Applies to deployed functions only. Can be specified multiple times. filter ( string ) - For monorepos, specify the name of the application to run the command in functions ( string ) - Specify a functions folder to deploy json ( boolean ) - Output deployment data as JSON message ( string ) - A short message to include in the deploy log no-build ( boolean ) - Do not run build command before deploying. Only use this if you have no need for a build or your project has already been built. open ( boolean ) - Open project after deploy prod-if-unlocked ( boolean ) - Deploy to production if unlocked, create a draft otherwise debug ( boolean ) - Print debugging information auth ( string ) - Netlify auth token - can be used to run this command without logging in prod ( boolean ) - Deploy to production secret-env ( string ) - Set a secret environment variable for this deploy only. Applies to deployed functions only. The value is masked in the Netlify UI and API. Can be specified multiple times. site ( string ) - A project name or ID to deploy to site-name ( string ) - Name for a new site. Implies –create-site if the site does not already exist. skip-functions-cache ( boolean ) - Ignore any functions created as part of a previous build or deploy commands, forcing them to be bundled again as part of the deployment team ( string ) - Specify team slug when creating a site. Only works with –create-site or –site-name flag. timeout ( string ) - Timeout to wait for deployment to finish trigger ( boolean ) - Trigger a new build of your project on Netlify without uploading local files Examples Terminal window netlify deploy netlify deploy --site my-first-project netlify deploy --no-build # Deploy without running a build first netlify deploy --prod netlify deploy --prod --open netlify deploy --prod-if-unlocked netlify deploy --message " A message with an $ENV_VAR " netlify deploy --auth $NETLIFY_AUTH_TOKEN netlify deploy --trigger netlify deploy --context deploy-preview netlify deploy --env " NODE_ENV=production " --env " API_URL=https://api.example.com " netlify deploy --env " NODE_ENV=production " --secret-env " DATABASE_PASSWORD= $DB_PASSWORD " netlify deploy --site-name my-new-site --team my-team # Create site and deploy netlify deploy --allow-anonymous --dir ./public --no-build # Deploy without auth Previous database Next dev Built with Starlight 
