source: https://display.dev/docs/claimable
fetched: 2026-09-13T07:53:01.742Z
httpStatus: 200

 Publish without an account – Display.dev Docs Display.dev / display █ Use cases Pricing Templates Docs Sign in Get started free Skip to content Search docs ⌘K Get started Quickstart Connect your AI tool Claude Desktop Claude Cowork ChatGPT Cursor Codex Claude Code Using Display.dev Find an artifact Update an artifact Review comments Sharing and access Publish from your browser Make a copy Publish without an account Publish from CI/CD Organization Members and roles Sign-in methods Company email domains Plans and limits Referral program Reference CLI commands MCP tools Agent skill reference Markdown rendering Glossary Help Troubleshooting Docs › Using Display.dev › Publish without an account Publish without an account Publish an artifact anonymously, get a URL back, and claim it into an organization later. On this page On this page Publish with curl Publish from the CLI Publish from an MCP server What you receive Claim the artifact After claim Lifecycle Limits You can publish an artifact without signing in. The response is a public preview URL anyone can open and a single-use claim URL. Opening the claim URL while signed in transfers the artifact to your organization. This path is available through the CLI, public remote MCP, a local MCP server, or curl . Publish with curl Upload an HTML or Markdown file (up to 50 MB): bash Copy curl -X POST https://api.display.dev/v1/public/artifacts \ -F file=@report.html \ -F name="Q3 e2e report" The name field is optional; if you skip it, the server derives one from the filename. Publish from the CLI Run dsp publish without a saved session or DISPLAYDEV_API_KEY : bash Copy npx @displaydev/cli publish ./report.html If no credential is configured, dsp publish runs anonymously and prints the preview URL, claim URL, and expiry timestamp. Publish from an MCP server Connect an MCP host to https://api.display.dev/v1/public/mcp to publish without a credential. The public remote server provides only the publish tool. The local dsp mcp server also provides only publish when started without dsp login or DISPLAYDEV_API_KEY . Use https://api.display.dev/v1/mcp with OAuth or an API key for the complete authenticated tool set. What you receive Every anonymous publish returns: json Copy { "shortId" : "abc12345" , "previewUrl" : "https://public.dsp.so/abc12345" , "claimUrl" : "https://app.display.dev/claim?code=..." , "expiresAt" : "2026-05-30T12:00:00.000Z" } previewUrl – public URL that anyone can open. claimUrl – single-use. Whoever opens it and signs in becomes the artifact's owner. expiresAt – 30 days from publish. Anonymous artifacts do not appear in any dashboard. Save the response – there is no other way to recover the URLs. Publishing the same file again creates a new artifact at a new URL. Claim the artifact Open the claim URL in a browser and sign in. Sign-in supports Google, Microsoft, and an email one-time password – the same options as the regular sign-in page. What happens after sign-in depends on the claimer: Has one organization – claim it with one click. Has multiple organizations – pick one from a dropdown. No organization yet – name one. The new organization is created with the artifact inside it. The claim URL is single-use. A second visitor sees a "This was already claimed" page with a "Request access" button instead. If the target organization is at its storage limit, the claim is blocked with an upgrade prompt. The claim URL stays valid – free up space or upgrade the plan, then return to complete the claim. After claim Claim transfers ownership only. Visibility does not change – a public artifact stays public after the claim. The preview URL keeps working: it redirects to the organization URL ( &lt;org&gt;.dsp.so/&lt;shortId&gt;-&lt;slug&gt; ), so any link already shared still resolves. To restrict viewing to organization members, change the artifact's visibility from the dashboard or with dsp share . See Sharing and access for the full matrix. Lifecycle An unclaimed artifact passes through three states: Window Preview URL Claim URL 0–30 days from publish Serves the artifact Valid 30–60 days Shows an "expired, claim to restore" page Valid – claiming restores the artifact into the new organization 60+ days 404 404 After a claim, the artifact is no longer subject to these states. Its retention follows the owning organization's plan – see Plans and limits . Limits File size – 50 MB per artifact. Rate limit – 10 publishes per IP address per hour. Exceeding the limit returns an HTTP 429 with the reset time. Indexing – preview pages set noindex . Search engines do not crawl or index anonymous artifacts. On this page Publish with curl Publish from the CLI Publish from an MCP server What you receive Claim the artifact After claim Lifecycle Limits Share Copy link Copy as Markdown Was this page helpful? Yes No Previous Make a copy Next Publish from CI/CD Last updated September 10, 2026 Display.dev / display █ Gated publishing for AI-generated artifacts. © 2026 Display.dev Product How it works Use cases Pricing Templates Try without an account Customers Blog News Changelog About Support Sitemap For Claude Code Cursor Codex Agent platforms Open-source models All integrations → Solutions Share an HTML file Data dashboards HTML presentations AI reports All solutions → Alternatives vs Vercel vs GitHub Pages vs Cloudflare vs GitBook All alternatives → Legal Privacy Terms Security Cookie Policy Cookie settings Cookies on display.dev We use PostHog to see which pages visitors read, and Google and Reddit tags to see which of our ads lead to signups. None of it runs unless you accept, and you can change your mind any time from the footer. Accept Decline See the full cookie policy → 
