source: https://openpouch.dev/deploy-without-signup
fetched: 2026-09-13T07:53:04.530Z
httpStatus: 200

 Deploy an app without a signup — one command to a live URL | openpouch 🦘 openpouch How it works Pricing Docs GitHub Deploy an app without a signup One command to a live HTTPS URL — no account, no credit card, no CAPTCHA, no dashboard. And an honest answer to the only question that matters: how long does it stay up? npx openpouch deploy That's the whole flow. openpouch packages the current folder, deploys it, health-checks it, and returns a live https://&lt;name&gt;.openpouch.sh URL — plus a plain-language summary you can forward to anyone. It works the same whether a person types it or an AI coding agent runs it autonomously. What it hosts Static sites — a built folder ( dist/ , build/ , plain HTML) is served as files, instantly. Node.js apps — anything with a start script (Express, Fastify, full-stack apps) is built and run in a hardened container. Build-on-deploy is live: ship the source and the server runs npm install and npm run build for you. Env vars for dynamic apps — --var KEY=value or --env-file .env ; values ride a header, never land in logs or output, and dotenv files are never uploaded. Temporary free Node hosting — with honest expiry A no-signup deployment is a 72-hour preview . That number isn't hidden in a FAQ: the deploy result carries the exact expiry timestamp, machine-readable, every time. If you need it longer, there are three honest ways to keep it: Claim it (the deploy returns a private claim link) — extends the preview to 7 days. Save it with a free account — email or GitHub, no card. The app then stays live as long as it's being used : it only expires after ~90 days without a single request, and you get a warning mail first. Any visit resets the clock. Paid plans from $15/month — more capacity, always-on apps and a persistent /data volume: pricing . Doing nothing is also fine — the preview simply vanishes after 72 hours. No mail trap, no dangling account, nothing to cancel. Fair-use limits, stated up front Anonymous deploys are rate-limited per IP and capped globally — enough for real work, tight enough to keep the free lane healthy. When you hit a limit, the error tells you exactly that, plus your actual options (wait for a preview to expire, or sign up for self-service list / delete and higher limits). No dark patterns: an anonymous preview can't be deleted manually, and the tool says so instead of pretending otherwise. Why no signup? Because the person — or increasingly, the coding agent — deploying a preview shouldn't have to stop for account creation, email verification, or a CAPTCHA that agents can't pass anyway. openpouch is open source (Apache-2.0) and built agent-first: one command in, one JSON object out, errors that say how to fix themselves. ← Back to openpouch.dev 🦘 openpouch Preparing the world for agents. Product How it works Pricing npm package Guides Deploy without signup A deploy tool for agents Migrate onto openpouch Open source GitHub Apache-2.0 Docs Legal Impressum Privacy Terms Refunds See what works today vs. what's on the way . The free tier stays free; the founder cohort keeps launch pricing — applied automatically at checkout. 
