source: https://sitebin.io/
fetched: 2026-09-13T06:52:02.582Z
httpStatus: 200

 Sitebin — drop files, get a website sitebin Pricing Enterprise Open source Docs GitHub Sign in Open the app Menu Pricing Enterprise Open source Docs GitHub Sign in Open the app Drop files. Get a website . One upload becomes a live site on its own private URL — a real static server for HTML apps, or an instant viewer for PDF, Markdown, DOCX and more. No account. No build. No fuss. Try it right here See pricing or self-host the open-source edition with one docker run live — drops here publish straight to app.sitebin.io . Anonymous sites expire after 24 hours; sign in for a site that renews itself every time you publish to it. What you get A whole static host in one drop Every upload — from the browser, or from a script or AI agent once you're signed in — becomes a site : served on its own random subdomain, managed with a single password, gone when you say so. Real static hosting Your files served exactly as uploaded, with index.html as the front door and SPA fallback for React and Vue apps. Not a preview — a server. Instant file viewer Drop a PDF, Markdown, DOCX, CSV, Jupyter notebook, image, video or source file and it renders in the browser — with a file switcher and download button. The claim ticket Publishing hands you a view URL to share, an edit URL to manage, an edit password, and a QR code for your phone. No signup stands between you and a URL. Edit from anywhere Change files in the in-browser editor, mount the site as a network drive over WebDAV or FTP, or replace everything with a ZIP — the site updates live. Built for automation Sign in and one curl creates a site; a deploy script and GitHub Action keep it updated from CI. Agents and scripts get the same API a person does. Passwords & expiry Give a site a view password, an expiry date, and a view counter. When it expires, it stops serving and cleans itself up. How it works Three steps, no third step Step 1 · Drop Drag files into the bin Files, a folder, or a ZIP — from the browser, or the API once you're signed in: curl -F "files=@index.html" \ https://app.sitebin.io/api/sites Copy Step 2 · Claim Take your ticket You get the view URL, the edit URL and the edit password — shown once, stored hashed. That ticket is your account. Step 3 · Share Send the link The site is live on its own subdomain with TLS. Update it, password it, expire it, or mount it as a drive — whenever you like. Hosted plans Start free, no account required app.sitebin.io is the hosted Sitebin: zero setup, EU-hosted, and the free tier doesn't even ask who you are. No account Drop €0 Instant shares & previews. 25 MB per site lives for 24 hours Details Free account Free €0 Your sites, kept alive as you work on them. 10 sites · 100 MB each 7-day rolling expiry · WebDAV Details Most popular Pro €6 / month Custom domains & real room. 100 sites · 1 GB each 5 custom domains · auto-TLS Details Agencies Studio €19 / month Client work at scale. 500 sites · 5 GB each 25 custom domains Details Open source The whole thing is yours to run Sitebin's core is MIT-licensed: no database, one container, one volume. The filesystem is the database — back up a folder and you've backed up everything. How it's built Star on GitHub Enterprise Run Sitebin for your company — or your customers Accounts, Google/Microsoft sign-in, tiered quotas, Stripe/Paddle billing and custom domains with automatic TLS. Self-hosted on your hardware, licensed per year. Explore Enterprise sitebin Drop files, get a website. Hosted in the EU or self-hosted anywhere. Product Open the app Pricing Enterprise Resources Documentation API Open source GitHub Company hello@sitebin.io Imprint Privacy © 2026 Sitebin no cookies · no trackers · fonts self-hosted core MIT-licensed · enterprise source-available 
