source: https://www.tiiny.host/for/developers/
fetched: 2026-09-13T04:18:29.508Z
httpStatus: 200

 Tiiny Host for Developers — Static hosting without the setup tax Book demo call Sign up free → For developers For e-learning For marketing teams For product managers For recruiters For restaurants & bars For sales teams The simplest way to ship static sites Drop your project folder and get live link in seconds. Make edits online or allow your agents to publish autonomously. Start free &rarr; Read API docs Free to start · No credit card · No repo, no CI, no DNS wait Used by developers and teams at Launch fast From localhost to live in seconds We deal with the boring part, you focus on the building. Zero config No repo, CI or DNS resolution Just drag & drop your project's build output and get a live link to share in seconds. Connect via GitHub Link custom domain Built on AWS Built-in analytics Edit online Update online in seconds Edit your project using our online code & visual editor or describe changes using our AI editor. Edit online Built-in AI edit mode Live immediately, same URL Update on mobile built for agents Let your agent publish Connect Claude, Cursor or any agent through our MCP or skill to publish autonomously. Upload via API Connect via MCP Publish via Skill Learn more &rarr; What developers publish on Tiiny Client work, side projects or anything static. Client website Static site · custom domain Agent-published build API · unattended Single-page app Static site · SSL included Docs or changelog Web page · one link Staging preview for a client Web page · password protected Side project Static site · live in seconds Publish your first site &rarr; ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Shocked by the simplicity of getting it up and running, it took me 2 mins exactly to deploy one of client's websites! Khaled Developer, web25.io ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ It's very instant, very quick — and I like that. JR Jacob Riches Founder, Firebound Read the story &rarr; ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ There's no learning curve. It's so easy — you can do everything with one hand. It's ridiculous. FP Francois Provost Freelance developer Frequently Asked Questions Can I edit a site after publishing without re-uploading? Yes. Open it in the browser-based editor and change the files where they live — no clone, no local build, no redeploy. There's also an AI editor if you'd rather describe the change than write it. Either way the site updates on the same URL immediately. How does an AI agent publish to Tiiny Host? It POSTs to the upload endpoint with form-data and an API key header, and gets a live URL back. Updating an existing site is a PUT with the same domain. That's the whole integration, which is why wiring up an agent takes minutes rather than an afternoon — one of our customers has his agent publishing its own write-ups this way. Do I need an API key to try the API? Not for a first run. An anonymous upload works with just an email header, though it expires after an hour and only works for an address not already linked to an account. Generate an API key when you want the publish to be permanent and to update sites in place. Do I need a repo, a CLI or a build pipeline? No. Publish the folder and it's live. There's no repository to connect, no CLI to install, no build config to write and no CI to keep green. If your workflow already produces a folder of static files, that's the entire input. What about SSL and custom domains? Both are handled. SSL comes as standard, so there's no certificate to buy, install or renew, and custom domains connect without the usual wait on DNS propagation. This is the specific thing that made Tiiny Host cheaper than the alternative for one of our freelance customers, whose host charged separately for certificates. Is it actually reliable enough for client work? It runs on Amazon Web Services, so uptime and performance aren't something you maintain. Plenty of our users put client sites here precisely because there's no server of theirs to go down at an inconvenient moment. What can I host on it? Anything static — plain HTML, a zip, a folder from any framework's build output, single-page apps, or the output of AI tools like Claude, ChatGPT, Cursor, Lovable, Bolt and v0. Raw files work too — a single file gets an auto-viewer and multiple files get a generated directory listing. Deploy now in seconds Upload file &rarr; Explore related Publish AI-generated HTML Visual HTML editor Host an HTML file Zip file hosting Tiiny Host for product managers Tiiny Host for sales Tiiny Host for recruiters Tiiny Host for agencies Tiiny Host for restaurants & bars Tiiny Host for e-learning Customer stories Tiiny Labs Ltd. is a company registered in England and Wales with company number 12977077 Built on Examples Sales & Marketing Designers & Artists Developers Real Estate Recruitment E-Learning & Publishing Crypto Students Use Cases Host HTML file Web hosting free sites Zip file hosting Resume link PDF upload PDF to QR Code Free static website hosting Web hosting for small business Web hosting for students Marzipano VR host How to host your own website Upload → View → Host → Deploy → Use cases → closeLanguageDropdown(), 150)"> Select language ▼ Español (es-es) Português (pt-BR) 日本語 (ja) العربية (ar-SA) Français (fr-fr) Resources Documentation Test HTML HTML Viewer HTML Validator HTML Formatter PDF Viewer Webpage to PDF Tiiny Invite Blog Support Chat FAQs Affiliate program Report abuse Useful Links Pricing Contact Login / Sign Up © Tiiny Host Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy 
